Eugenecists

LORE:

The Eugenecist's origins are shrouded in mystery and deception, as for the longest time their experimentation was deemed extremely illegal. What is known is that they started on Mars and the dark side of Jupiter, trying to make the perfect humans. As soon as they could though, they shot off into deep space to get as far away from the authorities as they could. Since then, they've been performing genetic engineering and eugenics to make the perfect human. Early on, in this quest, they took babies, extracted the genetic material required to artifically create a child in a tube, then grew the child. The parent, of course, was discarded though the DNA was stored somewhere. After the child in the tube was 'born', they would continue this process, constantly and mostly randomly manipulating their DNA in an attempt to make them stronger or better. This allowed them to go through two generations of evolution per year, at the cost of millions of babies lives. An acceptable trade, in their eyes.

Their society is heavily stratified into a caste system, and further by generation. Firstly, there's the Laborers: People who are created to be strong, obedient brutes. There's Warriors, who are selected for their strength, agility, intelligence, or whatever other traits are needed. There's the Leaders, who are elected purely for intelligence. Mages, who are elected for intelligence and emotional stability. For every role, there is a caste and people largely are unable to leave the caste. 

However, it's also extremely meritocratic; the society as a whole wants to create the perfect humans, and so if a laborer ends being an amazing warrior, they'll be added to the gene pool. This society though is almost entirely impersonal; as soon as a child is out of the womb they're checked for deficiencies; if there is one, the mother is sterilized and the child killed. Only the best in their respective field are allowed to breed, and even then they don't have a choice with whom; people have children with the partners assigned to them, and have no say in it. And ever since the creation of the Parent phenotype, children are raised by people bred for their teaching ability and caring. 

To further expand on this utter callousness, people have QR codes and microchips implanted at a young age to be able to quickly check their DNA, generation, and caste. It even becomes their last name. While their surname is assigned by their assigned parent, their last name is a code explaining which generation and caste they're a part of. Richard Wa-LiInf-4783 would be a Warrior-Caste Light Infantry generation 4783.

Militarily, they are extremely effective in their chosen field, but awful outside of it. For instance, their anti-tank troops will be some of the best one can find, but will not have been trained or built to deal with anything else.

RULES:


Squads:
Anti-tank team
Anti-infantry team
Melee team
Mage hero
Sniper
APC (Doubles as tank and scout as well)
Dogfighter
