United Core Planets:

Lore:
The United Core Planets started as a trade agreement early on in Humanities time colonizing the stars. For the most part it served to make trade easy between the various planets, helping boost all their economies. As more planets were colonized and joined, the trade agreement became an organization, which quickly became an arbiter between planets. Before long, it was the center of government for all planets, laying down a basic set of laws and taking taxes to fund a military.

Now, its the largest human-descendant faction in the galaxy and its slowly expanding. Despite this, it has no real direction and is rife with infighting. At any one time, there may be civil wars between two dozen planets, and small insurgencies on a hundred planets. After all, getting a thousand planets with ten thousand cultures, hundreds of religions, and hundreds of new genomes is all but impossible, despite the Council and Prime Ministers best efforts.

Militarily, they tend to be simple but effective. They have each regiment heavily specialized in something, and bring overwhelming numbers of that one thing. An infantry regiment will coat the ground in bodies, an aircraft regiment will own the skies, and an artillery regiment will blot the sky with shells. With this comes a startling inflexibility though, leading savvy enemy commanders to exploit their weaknesses. In addition to this, each planet has long since adapted to their environment whether due to genetic engineering or simple evolution. Seeing an army of humans reminiscent of dwarves from old-earth fantasy isn't uncommon, as the planet of Moria has a proud martial history. Nor is seeing the graceful warriors of the forest-planet of Amazonia fight on dozens of battlefields throughout their thousand-year lifetime.

RULES:

Roster Creation rule: Quantity has a quality all of its own. Choose a single squad. That squad, and any other exactly like it, cost 30% less.

UNITS:

Basic infantry.
Heavy weapon infantry.
